+++
title = "Quidditch"
date = 2022-06-28T20:51:22-04:00
author = "Luke Schierer"
+++

If you pay close attention, Quidditch reveals a *ton* about the culture of the
magical population, very little of it good.  Interestingly I have not read all
that many fan fiction stories that pick up on much of this.

Whether it is _[Quidditch Through the
Ages](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/111450.Quidditch_Through_the_Ages)_,
or the indexed website articles at _[The J.K. Rowling
Index](https://www.rowlingindex.org/)_, there is no doubt that Quidditch is an
incredibly violent sport.[^220628-6]  We read about fans, including children,
rioting over changes, be it standardising on goal hoops (a disappointment to
pyromaniacs),[^220628-7] or establishing penalties for violence.[^220628-8]  In
both cases, quotes are provided in which fans claim that the violence is a key
part of the sport.  Nor is this limited to history, [Ginny]({{< ref "people/Weasley/Ginevra" >}}) 
writes in the one article at length about the life threatening problems that
the national teams' mascots caused in the 2014 World Cup.[^220628-9]  Even at
the school level, Quidditch has caused injury - Oliver Wood references "a
couple of broken jaws".[^220628-10]  

Overall, I am reminded of the popularity of the gladiatorial games in the Roman
Empire.  We see the remains of the fervour that these "entertainments" incited
in different ways in both action movies and reality TV.  While I like to think
that I enjoy action movies only because I know that they are *not* real, and
that I would have the moral fibre to resist such temptation were people
*actually* hurt, history tells us that many either did not or could not.



[^220628-10]: Mrs. J. K. Rowling.
   _[Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3.Harry_Potter_and_the_Sorcerer_s_Stone)_
   © 1997. Pottermore Publishing. American Kindle Edition page 169.

[^220628-9]: Mrs. J. K. Rowling.
   "[[Quidditch World Cup 2014: Daily Prophet reports](https://www.rowlingindex.org/work/pmqwcdpr/)"
   Publication Date: 2014-04-12 to 2014-07-11.  Last Viewed: 2022-06-28.

[^220628-8]: Mrs. J. K. Rowling and Kennilworth Whisp.
    _[Quidditch Through the Ages](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/111450.Quidditch_Through_the_Ages)_
    © 2001. Pottermore Publishing. American Kindle Edition page 52.

[^220628-7]: Mrs. J. K. Rowling and Kennilworth Whisp.
    _[Quidditch Through the Ages](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/111450.Quidditch_Through_the_Ages)_
    © 2001. Pottermore Publishing. American Kindle Edition page 44.

[^220628-6]: 
    * "[Quidditch World Cup (1990 – 2014)](https://www.rowlingindex.org/work/pmq9014/)"
      Publication Date: 2014-03-21, Last Viewed: 2022-06-28.
    * "[Quidditch World Cup 2014: Daily Prophet reports](https://www.rowlingindex.org/work/pmqwcdpr/)"
      Publication Date: 2014-04-12 to 2014-07-11.  Last Viewed: 2022-06-28.
