+++
title = "Love in Harry Potter"
date = 2022-12-06T11:26:31-05:00
author = "Luke Schierer"
+++

I sometimes question how well Mrs. Rowling truly understands what love is.
This is especially true when we are presented with the [James][] - [Lily][] -
[Snape][] triangle.  While she laments the fact that her female readers are
attracted to [Draco],[^221206-2] she does not seem to realise that she is
pushing very much the same behaviour herself in the prior generation.

She has presented [James][] in a very controversial light, so much so that
there is a ton of debate over whether or not he was a good person at all.  She
has so successfully highlighted his flaws that people have trouble seeing his
strengths[^221206-3]  This is perhaps to make the contrast with [Snape][] less
stark, less a choice between good and evil.

Because look at what she presents in [Snape][]:

> Snape-the-teenager had a stringy, pallid look about him, like a plant kept in the dark. His hair was lank and greasy and was flopping onto the table, his hooked nose barely half an inch from the surface of the parchment as he scribbled.[^221206-4]

She is purposefully describing someone you like for their person, not for their
appearance.  And yet, [Snape][] does not have a personality to attract, his
memories of interacting with [Lily][] reveal a controlling, jealous
personality, something that [Lily][] herself remarks on when she objects who is
he to "let" her do anything?[^221206-5]  Despite this, Mrs. Rowling says that
[Lily] "might even have grown to love him romantically (she certainly loved him
as a friend) if he had not loved [Dark Magic][] so much, and been drawn to such
loathesome people and acts."[^221206-6]

While I certainly believe that [Lily][] did consider [Snape][] a friend, and
did love him as such, I do *not* think that could have grown into romantic love
without a fundamental shift in his basic personality.   Perhaps that is what
she means by "if he had not loved [Dark Magic][] so much," but this is *not* a
minor point!  If [Snape][] is the rival for [Lily][]'s affections, in a
romantic sense, he should be a viable one.  Otherwise let's face reality here.

[Snape][] did *not* **love** [Lily][].  He *obsessed* over her, the way a
stalker does.  [James][] *did* love [Lily][], and saw [Snape][] as a danger to
her.  [Lily][] was too young, blind, and immature to realise that the two boys
in her life were fighting over her, or perhaps she was even secretly somewhat
flattered by that. Because of this she blamed [James][] for being immature
(which was somewhat true), particularly when he would not admit *why* he was
attacking [Snape][].  

[Dark Magic]: <{{< relref "dark" >}}>

[^221206-1]: Ms. Melissa Anelli and Mrs. J. K. Rowling.
    "[J.K. Rowling Web Chat Transcript][LCRWC]"
    [The Leaky Cauldron](http://www.the-leaky-cauldron.org) 2007-07-30

[^221206-5]: Mrs. J. K. Rowling.
    _[Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows](https://www.librarything.com/work/3577382/book/225886820)_
    p. 279.  Pottermore Publishing.  American Kindle Edition.

[^221206-4]: Mrs. J. K. Rowling. 
    _[Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix](https://www.librarything.com/work/115/book/225886709)_
    Kindle Locations 9396-9398. Pottermore Limited. American Kindle Edition. 

[James]: <{{< relref "../people/Potter/James" >}}>

[lily]: <{{< relref "../people/Evans/Lily_J." >}}>

[Snape]: <{{< relref "../people/Snape/Severus" >}}>

[Draco]: <{{< relref "../people/Malfoy/Draco_Lucius" >}}>

[^221206-2]: Anelli, Melissa and Emerson Spartz. 
    "[The Leaky Cauldron and MuggleNet interview Joanne Kathleen Rowling: Part Two][LCMIp2]" 
    [Accio Quote](http://www.accio-quote.org/),  2005-07-16

[LCMIp2]: <http://www.accio-quote.org/articles/2005/0705-tlc_mugglenet-anelli-2.htm>

[^221206-3]: See the many fan fictions where [James][] is presented as an utter idiot, and [Lily][] must do all the thinking.

This is not, however, the only example.  Mrs. Rowling will then go on to pair
[Ron][] with [Hermione][], pushing the idea that opposites attract, despite the
fact that bickering and fighting is not the basis for a healthy relationship.  

[Ron]: <{{< relref "Ronald_Bilius" >}}>

[Hermione]: <{{< relref "Hermione_Jean" >}}>

We see very little of [Ginny][] in most of the series, too little really.
However, we see enough to further substantiate the theme that love is only
poorly understood.  The advice given [Ginny][], suffering under a crippling
adolescent crush is to "date other boys."[^221206-6]  This amounts to either
"make Harry jealous" which is *horrible* advice, or "use boys like objects for
your own needs, and not in pursuit of a real relationship." which differs only
in that is possibly even *more* self focused and thus selfish.  The way to
handle being unable to handle your emotions is to dive into a different
relationship? (Interestingly, both [Ron][] and [Hermione][] kinda sorta try
this in book six, it does not go well).  

[Ginny]: <{{< relref "Ginevra_Molly" >}}>

[^221206-6]: citation needed.
