---
title: "Introduction"
weight: 1
Toc: true
type: "stories"
---

On reading _[Many Waters][MW]_ by Madeleine L'Engle, a number of ideas came
together and I started thinking about the Harry Potter universe in a different
way.  Mrs. L'Engle's theology in that book is *really really* sketchy, but like
many distortions of true Catholic thought, makes for interesting fiction.  This
is not really a cross-over, you will not see the characters from any of the
non-Rowling works I am taking ideas from here.  Similarly, much of the
"theology" in this work is more like a comic book's depiction of Catholicism
than a true representation.

As I said, that book caused a me to think about the Harry Potter universe
differently, but it was not until I was reading CmptrWz' _[For Want of
an Outfit][FWoaO1]_ Chapters 30 through 35 that what I am trying for here
*really* came clear.  Left unadulterated, Mrs. Rowling's Harry Potter universe
has too few consequences.  I harp on that theme in my [Harrypedia][].  This
fan fiction is a harsher universe.  Magic, even if not "dark" and
*intentionally* harmful, cannot always be undone or fixed.  There can be not
only life-long repercussions, but *generational* repercussions from the spells
and potions that are so often carelessly used.  

[Harrypedia]: <{{< relref "Harrypedia" >}}>

I am taking some things from _[Many Waters][MW2]_, some from C. S. Lewis' _[The
Screwtape Letters][TSL]_, some from actual Catholic theology, some from various
myths and legends, and some from Tolkien's Middle Earth universe.  I am grafting
these ideas into the Harry Potter universe, replacing some of its actual world
building with these grafted bits, extending it in other places.  The end result
will, like _[Many Waters][MW3]_, be *really really* bad theology, that's okay
and in fact inevitable (I think) when you mix in the mythological and Harry
Potter elements.

A lot of authors will try to do almost all their world building within the
narrative.  I realise this is technically better, but it is also harder to do.
Since I am pulling from several disparate, previously existing, universes that
the reader may well already be familiar with, and because I am *not* an awesome
writer actually capable of pulling off the vision in my head, I am going to set
the stage and provide some of the world building in the form of appendices that
authors generally do not publish.  These world building notes are useful to
understand the story, but are hopefully not truly necessary.  That being said,
I am not going to go out of my way to explain in depth the way some authors do
since an interested reader *can* find it in this extra information. 

[FWoaO1]: <https://archiveofourown.org/works/28507302>

[MW]: <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Many_Waters>

[MW2]: <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Many_Waters>

[MW3]: <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Many_Waters>

[TSL]: <https://archive.org/details/in.ernet.dli.2015.86985>

[TSL2]: <https://archive.org/details/in.ernet.dli.2015.86985>

[TSL3]: <https://archive.org/details/in.ernet.dli.2015.86985>

[WP1]: <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soteriology>

[WP2]: <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Missiology>

[WP3]: <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ecclesiology>

[^211201-1]: In _[Error of Soul](https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8490518)_
    Materia-Blade has a line referring to magical folk as Nephilim.  I came up
    with this idea well before I found that work.  Just goes to show that there
    is nothing possible that *someone* else hasn't also thought of. 

[^210408-1]: Mr. C. S. Lewis. _[The Screwtape Letters][TSL3]_. pp. 120-121.
  Copyright 1942. HarperOne. Kindle Edition.

[^210412-5]: Darth Drafter.
    _[The Little Veela that Could](https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5490079)_
    [Chapter Six](https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5490079/7/The-Little-Veela-that-Could)
    Published: 2009-11-05. Updated: 2012-06-28. Last Viewed: 2021-04-12.

