+++
title = "Main Characters in Slytherin"
date = 2023-02-10T14:27:33-05:00
+++

Periodically you see a fan fiction author try to deal with either [Harry][],
[Ginny][], or both being sorted into [Slytherin][].  In doing this, you have a
few possible ways of handling [Draco][].  If you stick very close to cannon, then
your character, now in [Slytherin][] has an enemy in their very house making
their lives miserable all the way into the common room.[^230210-1]
Alternately, you can try to make the members of [Slytherin][] less evil, less
the villain of the story.[^230210-2]  This varies from they are actually the
good guys and everyone else is actually the bad guys, with hand-wavy
explanations for how they ended up following [Riddle][],[^230210-2] to stories
where *the parents* remain just as evil as cannon,[^230210-3] but the
*children* are not yet corrupted, and everything in between.

The problem with [Harry][], [Ginny][], or both having significant numbers of
friends in [Slytherin][] house who do not hate their own parents is that *these
are not nice people.*  

* Blood status prejudice is exactly equivalent to racism, and these are not
  mildly racist people, these are the kind of racists that make racism
  deservedly hated and clearly a vice. 
* [Slytherin][] house espouses achieving your ends "by any means."[^230210-4] 
  * [Draco][] steals - [Neville][]'s remembral in book one, presents in the common room in book two for example. 
  * Their quidditch team is known for cheating.
  * The Inquisitorial Squad in book five

Ambition is not a bad thing.  Cunning however, at least in English, *does* have
a shady slant to it.  It implies, though not all definitions require, trickery
and deceit.  I can see someone like [Percy][] or even [Ron][] sorted into
[Slytherin][] for their ambition, or [Fred][] and [George][] for their
willingness to deceive when pranking.  Giving the [Sorting Hat][] its due, I
believe that [Percy][] went to [Gryffindor][] because he *is not at all*
cunning in his ambition, nor nearly ruthless enough to overcome that lack.
[Ron][] avoided [Slytherin][] because his ambition is too unformed, a desire to
be admired, but no idea what for.  [[Fred][] and [George][] on the other hand
may only be in [Gryffindor][] because the [Hat][] is lazy.

But why is [Draco][] in [Slytherin][]?  I believe that is *not* laziness on the
[Hat][]'s part.  [Draco][] has a *very good* idea of his ambition - he wants to
be his father.  He has no work ethic, and very little actual *intelligence*
about achieving that end, but that *is* his ambition.  And it is precisely
[Draco][]'s cunning, again, admittedly without a ton of intelligence to back it
up, that gets [Harry][] and [Ron][] in trouble over and over.  [Draco][]
consistently tricks them, pushes their buttons, just out of sight of the
teachers that might actually punish him, and sure enough they rush into it
every time.  It is no wonder the fannon idea is that [Gryffindor][] students
lack brains.  And keep in mind that intelligence is a [Ravenclaw][] feature,
*cunning* is not at all the same thing.

It says nothing ultimately positive about [Draco][] when you realise that it is
cowardice and stupidity that hold him back from achieving his ambitions.  

While I have only really explored [Draco][] in depth, you can ultimately make
the same case for anyone who befriends him.  Saying that the rest of
[Slytherin][] house is afraid of [Lucius][] only goes so far.  For if
[Lucius][] can cow that many families that effectively, then he ultimately
controls a full quarter of the society entire wizarding society.   Since we
know that [Slytherin] students do not exclusively marry other [Slytherin]
students (the [Black][] family tree has intermarriages with the [Potter][],
[Longbottom][], [Crouch][], [Prewett][], *and* [Weasley][] families), his
influence would then extend *far further* than just that quarter.  [Riddle][]
would have no need of a revolution.

[Potter]: <{{< relref "../people/Potter" >}}>

[Longbottom]: <{{< relref "../people/Longbottom" >}}>

[Crouch]: <{{< relref "../people/Crouch" >}}>

[Black]: <{{< relref "../people/Black" >}}>

[Prewett]: <{{< relref "../people/Prewett" >}}>

[Weasley]: <{{< relref "../people/Weasley" >}}>

[Lucius]: <{{< relref "Lucius_Abraxas" >}}>

[Ravenclaw]: <{{< relref "../Hogwarts/Ravenclaw" >}}>

[Gryffindor]: <{{< relref "../Hogwarts/Gryffindor" >}}>

[Sorting Hat]: <{{< relref "Sorting_Hat" >}}>

[Hat]: <{{< relref "Sorting_Hat" >}}>

[Draco]: <{{< relref "Draco_Lucius" >}}>

[Fred]: <{{< relref "Fred" >}}>

[George]: <{{< relref "George" >}}>

[Percy]: <{{< relref "Percy_Ignatius" >}}>

[Neville]: <{{< relref "Neville" >}}>

[Ginny]: <{{< relref "Ginevra_Molly" >}}>

[Riddle]: <{{< relref "Tom_Marvolo" >}}>

[Slytherin]: <{{< relref "../Hogwarts/Slytherin" >}}>

[Harry]: <{{< relref "Harry_James" >}}>

[Ron]: <{{< relref "Ronald_Bilius" >}}>

[Hermione]: <{{< relref "Hermione_Jean" >}}>

[Goyle]: <{{< relref "Gregory" >}}>

[^230210-4]: Mrs. J. K. Rowling. Quoted at "[SORTING HAT SONGS][]" on [MuggleNet][]. Last Viewed: 2023-02-10.

[SORTING HAT SONGS]: <https://www.mugglenet.com/harry-potter/little-things-harry-potter/sorting-hat-songs/>

[MuggleNet]: <https://www.mugglenet.com>

[^230210-1]: I have seen this done, but I don't have the particular works on hand as I write this.

[^230210-2]: I have seen this done, but I don't have the particular works on hand as I write this.
