+++
title = "Dark  Magic"
date = 2022-10-19T15:58:35-04:00
+++

### Definition

What makes magic "dark"?  Is "dark" the same as "evil"?  Who decides what
spells, potions, creatures, and other magic is and is not "dark?"  These are
all widely debated questions with many different answers. 

Things so classified are harmful to the caster, the victim, or both in some
way.  If there is a victim, the results are harder or even impossible to
reverse.  In some places there is an implication that it is also harder to even
block. I need citations for this.

Also note that there seems to be more "dark" magic than "light" magic, see my mini-rant on the [balance of power][].

[balance of power]: <{{< relref "balance" >}}>

### Analysis

I think that "dark" *should* be synonymous with "evil" but in practice probably
simply means culturally frowned upon and/or legislatively proscribed and/or
controlled.  Parseltounge is "considered" the mark of a "dark
wizard,[^221019-1] simply because of two known speakers being themselves "dark
wizards," and despite the admittedly inconclusive evidence that it is normally
an inherited trait.

[^221019-1]: Mrs. J. K. Rowling.
    _[Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets](https://www.librarything.com/work/683408/book/225886342)_
    Bloomsbury Publishing Plc. Â© 2004.  page 199.

You can, if you know your anatomy, kill someone with a sufficiently well placed
cutting spell, regardless of whether or not it is technically a curse.  You can
similarly kill with a tripping jinx, though that one requires that it be timed
such that the person trip such that the fall is fatal.  Levitation, taught in
charms, can be fatal, if the person is released from high enough, or if
something heavy enough is first levitated then released.  Not to mention that
if you can vanish a mammal, you can vanish a human.[^210914-1]  A sufficiently
creative mind can, no doubt, find dozens of other spells from each of charms
and transfiguration that can be used to kill someone. 

[^210914-1]: Mrs. J. K. Rowling.
    _[Harry Potter and the Order of the
    Phoenix](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2.Harry_Potter_and_the_Order_of_the_Phoenix)_
    Locations 4842-4843. Pottermore Limited. American Kindle Edition.

This definition is not universally agreed on.  A number of fan fiction authors
prefer to draw a distinction between "dark" and "evil."[^221122-3]  While I
have read a number of these, few of them have any kind of definition of what
constitutes "dark" under such a three way split.  I am both morally disinclined
and (given the limited mental resources I am willing to put into it)
functionally unable to draw a meaningful distinction.  One work does stand out.
[Amelia][] in one work essentially refuses to decide if "dark" is right or
wrong, but instead worries if it is *legal or illegal*.  Given her role as head
of the DMLE, I can understand and sympathise with this position.  

_[A Study of Resonance][]_ on the other hand is fairly typical, fumbling with
the distinction between light and dark.[^221122-6]  In places it comes fairly
close to a straight forward good and evil.  In other places it veers towards
merely light is legal and dark is illegal, but there is no true distinction.
Some of this is narration bias, [Percy][], the main character, does not clearly
understand the difference.

[Percy]: <{{< relref "Percy_Ignatius" >}}>

[A Study of Resonance]: <https://archiveofourown.org/works/38041177>

[^221122-6]: mymovingfingerwrites. _[A Study of Resonance][]_
    Published: 2022-03-29. Updated: 20222-11-17.

[Amelia]: <{{< relref "Amelia_Susan" >}}>

[^221122-3]: including but not limited to
    * Scarlet_Gryphon
      _[For the Want of a Groundskeeper](https://archiveofourown.org/works/21541015)_
      Published: 2019-11-24. Completed: 2019-11-24.

